Add Public Cloud Load Balancer examples (#36)
ovh/public-cloud-examples: containers-orchestration/managed-kubernetes/use-public-cloud-load-balancer/basic_lb/readme.md

# Basic Public Cloud Load Balancer demo

## Description

> Here is a basic example of how to expose your application using a Service type Loadbalaner relyng on OVHcloud Public Cloud LoadBalancer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a basic example of how to expose your application using a Service type LoadBalancer relying on OVHcloud Public Cloud LoadBalancer.
```
